Raayan Pillai
Education
University of Rochester, School of Engineering & Applied Sciences BS in Computer Science
Experience
FINRA
raayanpillai.com Ridgewood, NJ github.com/raayanpillai (201) 925-8646
linkedin.com/in/raayanpillai raayanp01@gmail.com
Rochester, NY 2014 - 2018
Software Engineering Intern, Summer 16
 - Implemented fuzzy string matching algorithms such as Jaro-Winkler into database retrieval systems to align data.
- Developed an internal web-service to normalize addresses relating to  nancial representatives and  rms, using many pop-
ular, public geocoding APIs and a Flask back-end.
- Created a swipe-gate analysis software to monitor employees with a team of interns to better understand work patterns
and discrepancies between reported and active working hours.
Bellhapp Software Engineer, Fall 15 - Present
- Develop for a web and software startup for the automation of the food industry, and connected restaurants, based in Seattle,WA.
- Used Google Firebase to store data, and serve as the back-end for the application.
- Implemented a web-app using Angular2 for customers, administrators and employees of restaurants to interact with each
other.
Projects
UR Coursesniper: Course sniping for the University of Rochester
- Created a web-scraper that pulls course information from the university’s JavaScript listing page and stores it in a Mon- goDB database.
- Developed an assisting web interface for students to enter their email and a CRN (course reference number) to be noti-  ed when the scraper notices the class as open.
Gamma Pi Access: Inter-fraternal management system
- Built a web-application for members of the Gamma Pi chapter of Sigma Chi to keep current on chapter events, built using Angular2 and GitHub Pages.
- UsedTwilio to create a SMS server that noti es members via text when alerts are sent out.
Activities
President, Sigma Chi:Serve as liaison between the University of Rochester and my fraternity
Finra Createathon:Competed in a company wide hackathon, created a data aggregation service for employees Computer Systems: Experience building computers and servers, as well as maintaining web services (FTP, SSH...)
Coursework
Computer Science and Programming:Data Structures, Design of Algorithms,Arti cial Intelligence and Logic Computer Systems: Design of Programming Languages, Computer Organization
Mathematics: Discrete, Linear Algebra and Diff. Eq., Multidimensional Calculus, Financial Engineering, Probabilit Other:Introductory Psychology, Human Motivation, Sculpture,Advanced Sculpture, Mechanics
Languages and Tools
Python OCaml Git
C C++ Zsh Java MongoDB Firebase
R Angular2 UNIX SQL JavaScript Swift

